Okay, so the Render Props pattern is,
as the name says,
we pass props and
those props are actually React components.
So they're props that we can render.
And they make it super easy to reuse
logic across multiple components.
So for example here we have a render
prop called render Kelvin and
then render Fahrenheit and
it's going to show this little video.
I'll make this big.
So we see that the render Kelvin prop and
the render Fahrenheit prop
are both render props.
They are props that render
data to the screen.
So the components that we pass to it,
we see like is either a P or
maybe temp card, or I don't know
what comes after, large texts.
They all get the value prop that we
add here in the temperature converter
cuz we're passing that value here,
and they receive that back here.
So the implementation is I think this
example is exactly this video here.
So this is for example, then again,
the render component, renderKelvin,
renderFahrenheit.
And the value that we pass here as
a prop is then returned here as a prop.
So any component that we show here,
can easily get that value
from the input component.
Now, the nice thing about this,
I don't know where the s is here, is that,
yeah, the reusability.
So what we saw here is that this render
Kelvin and the render Fahrenheit even
though they are the same prop, we can
always pass a different component to it.
So even though we know that they
will always render something,
what they render can always be different,
so it's highly flexible.
Again we have the separation of concerns
but I think the biggest thing for
me is that it's the solution
that we saw over the problems
that we saw with the higher order
components, namely the implicit props.
Because we don't always know
what the higher order component,
what props get modified,
what props get might get overwritten,
but with the render props pattern,
it's super explicit.
Okay, these are the props that it expects,
and
this is how you render those components,
this is the data that they get.
Now as we move things, they might
sometimes be unnecessary with hooks.
We will look at that later.
And another thing with render props is
that it is any prop that renders data.
So if you've used React you've probably
used like the props of children.
Children is actually also a render prop,
it's a prop that renders data.
So render prop doesn't always have to
say like render in it or something,
it's just a prop that
renders any type of data.
All right, so we see another challenge
here with the refactor the following code
so that the temperature converter
uses the render Kelvin and
render Fahrenheit props to render
the Kelvin and Fahrenheit components.
So right now here we see that this example
is still uses a Kelvin component and
a Fahrenheit component.
So it's not using any render props.
So we're directly passing the value prop
here from the temperature converter.
But instead we wanna have something that
is similar to what we saw before where we
could just use this render Kelvin and
render Fahrenheit props, so
it's not always this component,
but it's more flexible.
So try to refactor this code to use
the render prop pattern instead.